(The master says,)
(there's wisdom in the rhythm.)
(Great confusion)
(Listen to your own beat.)
(Wake up your cells of madness.)
(Those who have gone crazy about the rhythm will find enlightenment.)
(Stop)
(And...)
(one heavy blow...)
(that made everyone cry)
(The last episode with an eccentric master)
(It begins now.)
(They sleep early as the master does.)
I'm hungry.
Gosh, I want to go to a cart bar.
I can't sleep when I feel hungry.
I'm starving.
If you sleep with an empty stomach,
you wouldn't grow.
(Are you sleeping?)
(I'm hungry. My stomach keeps growling.)
"My stomach keeps growling."
What?
Seung Gi said he's starving.
Do you want to eat something? Do you want some food, Sang Yun?
I have to eat to sleep.
- Let's go to the kitchen. - For real?
(For now...)
(Let's gather.)
Let's eat. I can't do this.
To our room.
(To our room)
Did Seung Gi say he can come out?
He said the master is sleeping very well.
(Okay. Let's go.)
We need to eat or we'll be in trouble.
- Well... - This is so...
(Squealing)
(Closing the door carefully not to wake the master up)
Wow, I'm so hungry.
(I'm out of breath because of hunger.)
Wait a minute, then...
- This one... - Shall we fold it like this?
Is it hard to place it there since there's a pillow?
- Good. - This is great.
This is good.
- This is enough. - Great.
I feel happy to sit down here and...
- It's warm. - This is it.
We need something to eat.
I heard Seung Gi brought something for field training.
(I'm bringing it now.)
- Are you here? - Yes.
Are you here?
(So glad)
- Welcome. - Did you bring it?
I thought my stomach was going to be ripped.
- It made a sound continuously. - I know.
- Seriously. - I'm serious.
The sound had to stop after it was made once or twice.
- Is this something to eat? - No.
(A heavy bag that Seung Gi brought)
(Emperor Seung Gi's return to a variety show)
(I brought luggage.)
(It was obviously a burden.)
(But he treasured it so much.)
(The luggage he used to carry around as if it was a part of his body)
(It's going to be opened now.)
I feel so happy.
(What is inside anyway?)
(What Seung Gi brought was...)
(cookware for field mess!)
(For our daily meal...)
This is awesome.
(A pot)
(A safety pallet)
I had three.
(And even portable gas stoves!)
You have everything.
- I don't know what to say. - I'm happy.
This is it.
Let's have us refreshed first.
(Let's have us refreshed.)
(This is incredible.)
- You're so awesome. - I know.
(Seung Gi's experience in variety shows pay off.)
- Is it a pallet? - Yes, it is.
Did you use to have these?
Yes, these are the things I used to carry around in field.
I used to carry them around,
but I learned how to use these during the military service.
- What shall we eat first? - What did he bring?
I have tteokbokki, dumplings,
and ramen.
What is it? What is this?
I also have hoppang.
And ramen...
- First, tteokbokki and dumplings... - What shall we eat first?
Let's start with tteokbokki and dumplings first.
Something like that...
(Tteokbokki and dumplings...)
(All they had today was rice crust.)
(Because of the master who favors the rice crust most,)
(we had to eat...)
(more than enough rice crust.)
- This is awesome. - I know.
- Is this a pallet? - Yes, it is.
Wow, dumplings...
(Seung Gi's late night restaurant)
If we put some instant rice in here, we can also have fried rice.
(First, he starts to make tteokbokki.)
I think you can put more sauce.
- Can I put in all the fishcakes? - Yes. Just put all of them in.
(Seong Jae, the youngest, squeezes the sauce until the very last drop.)
(And he puts it into his mouth.)
(How long has it been since I had MSG?)
Is it good?
Is it that good? I told you.
(Our Seong Jae is so cute.)
That's right. We need to eat some food.
- This... - Amazing.
(Seung Gi's tteokbokki is starting to be cooked.)
It looks so good.
(The smell, warmth,)
(and humidity...)
I didn't know it'd be such a happy moment.
(Laughing)
This is really irresistible. You can't deny it.
Isn't it great?
You should admit it from right, left, forward, backward, everywhere.
(He doesn't understand a word, but he feels so happy.)
This is crazy.
- Can you stir it once? - Look at the cheese.
Try it.
- Can we start? - Yes.
Don't you have to taste it first?
I didn't taste it, but it looks good enough.
I didn't taste it.
- Dumplings... - Goodness. This looks good.
This is amazing.
Dumplings...
(A proper meal for the first time after a day)
(Goodness)
(There are only single cries...)
(in Seung Gi's late night restaurant.)
It has been a long time since I felt this good.
It's very chewy.
- This is great. - It's delicious.
The food was made quickly.
- I think it's great. - The ramen seasoning made it tasty.
(Both the owner and the customers feel very satisfied.)
(Is it delicious?)
(It's very delicious, but...)
(somehow they feel uncomfortable.)
(Is it really okay for us to be eating like this?)
To speak frankly,
I learned a lot of things spiritually.
Can we just sustain our eating habit?
Isn't it okay?
Although our master liked the rice crust a lot...
It'd be good if we put some rice cake in it.
- It's just... - That sounds good.
we didn't really use to live a life like this before.
That's why we were hungry. I think the master will understand.
See, we didn't eat other nutrients but carbon.
- We didn't have any protein. - I agree.
Though we need carbohydrate for using our brain,
our body might have felt something.
It might have felt that this isn't good.
It's better to eat tteokbokki with an upset stomach.
Good.
(Starting to focus on eating)
How can we hold ourselves back from eating something tasty?
(Eating tteokbokki hastily without feeling any guilt)
Let's just eat.
(Four hungry men cleared a pot of tteokbokki already.)
This is so delicious.
I didn't have enough yet.
Do you still need to have more?
- Eat these. - Let's have ramyeon for dessert.
The base of the soup is the tteokbokki sauce.
(The dessert of Seung Gi's late night restaurant is ramen.)
- It's like anchovy meat broth. - That's right.
(1. Tteokbokki sauce soup 2. Ramyeon noodles)
This will taste amazing.
And put quail eggs too.
Where are quail eggs?
Put all of them. We still have one more pack.
That's good.
- You're so good. - He is.
Me? I used to do field mess.
Everything should be fast and easy.
- But it's tasty. - Right?
I just want to watch it.
I know.
Everyone, let's eat.
- Can we eat? - Yes.
Try it. I didn't taste it, but it'll be good.
I didn't taste it.
I think it's tasty enough.
I'll just try it.
(Ramyeon, you're saved in my stomach too.)
It's good.
- This tastes good. - It's amazing.
It would be good if we put rice in it too.
- I can taste the tteokbokki sauce. - Right.
(Amazing)
(This is so tasty.)
(Feeling so happy)
(They feel happy as they fill their stomachs.)
(The youngest had finished the bowl instantly.)
If you...
sleep on a warm floor after eating, your face gets swollen.
It doesn't matter.
- I think I can clear it up. - Of course.
(Accordingly...)
(Seong Jae, the youngest, starts the finishing the food.)
It's so good.
- This is so tasty. - Right.
I think you're saying that it is tasty without even chewing.
(Feeling the taste without chewing the food)
(Such an emotional meal..)
(that brings heartrending eyes with hoppang)
(Gourmand of emotion, Gourmand Seong Jae)
Eat more.
(He eats very well.)
- Seong Jae eats well. - I know.
- I didn't know he eats so well. - Me neither.
At his age, he should eat a lot.
- I used to eat a lot at that age. - Of course.
- I used to eat a lot like him too. - It's so tasty.
- Am I the only one eating now? - What?
Go ahead and finish it.
Watching you eat makes me full.
Have you ever been chubby before?
When I was little, I used to be somewhat chubby.
But all of it went to my height.
In 2 months, I grew 20cm taller.
- In 2 months? - When I entered junior high...
- 20cm? - That's incredible.
Seriously, that's incredible.
- How tall are you? - I am 179cm tall.
- How about you? - I am 182cm tall.
- How about you? - I am 185cm tall.
I am 137cm tall.
Do you want a lower number?
137cm tall?
(Their stomach is full,)
(and they are having a good time.)
I learned a lot of things today.
(Seong Jae learned something today.)
What?
Learning a lot doesn't make you full.
Of course. That's true.
They say reading is the food of your mind.
- No. - It's not true.
They say it feeds your soul.
You have to actually eat the book to be full.
(They learned that they have to eat to survive.)
(It's 4 hours before the master wakes up.)
By the way, a lot of my preconceptions...
about In Kwon as a singer...
have been shattered.
- Same here. - Completely.
He's warm-hearted. That's the most important.
When he took off his sunglasses...
He was so cute.
- He's Lovely Spot. - Lovely Spot.
Without the sunglasses, he looks really naive.
He looks naive.
I asked him a while ago...
why he insists on wearing sunglasses.
At first, he started wearing them to hide the fact...
- that he lacked confidence. - Is that right?
(They weren't aware of the emotions...)
(hidden behind his sunglasses.)
(The sunglasses, which hid his insecurity,)
(became part of him as time passed.)
(They're sleeping together.)
(They're zoned out.)
(The children who've been eating...)
(have no worries.)
I...
think I can sleep, now that I have eaten.
- I am getting sleepy too. - Right.
I'm glad it's not just me.
I wasn't saying anything because you might...
blame me if I say I'm sleepy.
But the big brother has said it.
I am so happy right now.
We ate good food, and I feel warm.
You're going to set the alarm, right?
- I am going to set it. - Okay.
- We should wake up before him. - Yes.
Maybe this will happen.
He said he would wake up at 4am,
but he might wake up at 10am.
"It's been ages since I slept so well."
(Not wanting to get up early,)
How did I sleep so well?
(they're imagining a ridiculous situation.)
We can just say bye and leave.
- Let's sleep. - Okay.
- Good night. - I feel so happy.
- Good night. - Good night.
Okay.
It's cold.
(Seung Gi joins the master.)
(He's still...)
(sleeping with the sunglasses.)
(When he comes into the master's room,)
(he remembers the pain again.)
(They played a game to choose the master's roommate.)
(He tried to let Se Hyeong have the honor.)
(But he miserably failed.)
(And Seung Gi's turn came.)
(Seong Jae's finger flick...)
(made him shout.)
(He had trusted Seong Jae,)
(so it was twice more painful.)
My gosh.
(He got paid for his betrayal...)
I think it's dented.
(with a chance to share the room with the master.)
(He lies down to sleep.)
(But he can't forget how happy Seong Jae was.)
(He quietly kicks his blanket.)
(When will I have another chance to sleep here?)
(He snores loudly, and it surprises Seung Gi.)
(Laughing)
(Snoring)
(I hate finger flicking.)
(I will win next time.)
(Meanwhile, these people are full and warm.)
- This is amazing. - Great.
This is great.
(They are happy.)
Will he...
wake up at 4am?
(Will the master wake up at 4am?)
(He said they should...)
(try waking up at 4am.)
(He loves it.)
It's amazing.
(I'm curious what it's like to wake up at 4am.)
I set the alarm to 3:50am.
I am going to call Seung Gi when I wake up.
Okay.
- Good night. - Good night.
(Seong Jae sets the alarm, and Sang Yun goes to bed.)
By the way, you eat so well.
I could eat more.
Really? You eat so well.
(He should've realized it then.)
- I really like eating too. - Right.
I eat a lot.
It's really fascinating. When I turned 35...
That's about two years ago.
I suddenly started...
(Once upon a time, there lived Sang Yun.)
getting filled up really quickly.
(And his stomach shrunk at the age of 35.)
I think you eat less when you get older.
(When you get older, you eat less.)
(It's sad. I used to eat...)
(a whole box of large...)
(or family size pizza by myself.)
(I still eat a lot of meat,)
(but I can't eat as much as I used to.)
(I guess I am old.)
(Is he done now?)
You're 23.
(He opens his eyes.)
(I heard that idol groups nowadays are in their 20s or teens.)
I think they are amazing.
I think it's amazing...
that they can achieve so much at that young age.
These days, it's very different from the past.
You don't go through puberty in middle or high school.
(It's not what they achieve that I admire.)
(I think it's amazing that they function as adults.)
(When I was their age, I didn't know anything.)
I was reading the script I got.
It was about someone strange...
- showing up at your door. - Brothers.
Are you ready to sleep?
I was ready a long time ago.
- Okay. - Are you ready?
Yes.
I will turn the lights off.
Good night.
- Good night. - Cheers.
(Does he always sleep sideways?)
Good night.
(Sang Yun's storytelling ends too.)
(I'll see you at 4am, boys.)
(What would it be like to wake up at 4am?)
(People rush to get home,)
(and the moon shines bright.)
(Tired and exhausted, everyone falls asleep.)
(And it's finally 4am.)
(Seong Jae's alarm goes off.)
I am going to call Seung Gi when I wake up.
(Seung Gi, did master get up?)
(The phone buzzes with Seong Jae's message.)
(But Seung Gi doesn't wake up.)
(The master gave his word.)
(He said he makes sure that he wakes up at 4am.)
(But he's still sleeping.)
Is he not up?
He's not replying.
(Se Hyeong laughs.)
I set the alarm to 5am.
(1 hour later)
(Seong Jae's alarm goes off again.)
(He hasn't replied yet.)
(Seung Gi, it's Se Hyeong. Is something wrong?)
(Curious, Se Hyeong sends Seung Gi a message.)
(Finally, Seung Gi wakes up.)
(Is it 5am?)
(He gets surprised and wakes up.)
(But the master is still sleeping.)
Master.
(Seung Gi carefully calls him.)
(Shouldn't you wake up? It's 5am.)
You should wake up.
You have to wake up.
(I don't want to.)
He became one with the bed.
The master isn't waking up.
He didn't become one with his house.
He became one with his bed.
(Se Hyeong doesn't know what's going on.)
(He goes to their room with a swollen face.)
Seung Gi.
(Is he still not up?)
(He's not up.)
(He's snoring.)
(The master snores loudly.)
(What happened to you, sir?)
(He clearly said...)
(that he would make sure to wake up at 4am.)
(He made sure we get up at 4am too.)
You've been sleeping for nine hours.
(It's past 6am.)
Master.
(Sometimes I wake up at midnight,)
(and I feel so lucky.)
We are not sleepy anymore.
(We've been fooled.)
Master.
I think it's going to be like what I predicted yesterday.
He said he would wake up at 4am,
but he might wake up at 10am and say...
"It's been ages since I slept so well."
(Will Se Hyeong's imagination come true?)
Master. Master.
(He wriggles.)
- Are you up? - Yes. I'm up.
(He finally got up.)
- What time is it? - It's...
(What time is it?)
It's 6:30am.
(What?)
(6:30am?)
- It's 6:30am. - How can it be so late?
You were sleeping too well.
- You should've woke me up. - We...
- Are you feeling well? - I am good.
- Did you sleep well? - We have to leave.
- We just got up too. - What?
We just got up.
I see.
We slept well.
What time did I sleep last night?
You went to bed at 9am.
(Seung Gi understands the master even if he's babbling.)
- He slept for 9 and a half hours. - Yes.
(The master slept for 9 and a half hours.)
(Where are my sunglasses?)
He's up. Master.
(Finally, the master comes out to the living room.)
- I woke up late. - You're up. Good morning!
Good morning.
It's so late. It's too late.
Master. Master...
You look too well.
- Do I? - Yes.
You look a lot better right now.
Who slept beside me?
(What?)
I did.
He didn't even know who was in his room.
- I don't know. - I kept talking.
But you didn't move at all.
- Take a spoon each. - Now?
- What is it for? - Are we eating?
This...
(Everyone gets a spoon.)
Where did the opened one go?
(It shocks everyone.)
I got it from a good place.
Are you going to eat that now?
(What is that?)
(It's mysterious powder.)
(What is this powder?)
- I didn't know what it was. - Is it instant coffee?
It's honey powder.
It's high in calorie. He's got five bags.
And he already had quite a bit.
(We had...)
(forgotten about it.)
(I haven't even had the chance to wash my face.)
(And we are going to eat honey powder?)
Since when did you start taking this?
It's been about nine months.
You've been up for only about seven minutes.
Is it okay to eat that?
- It's different from honey. - It's from a factory.
Do you just take it as it is?
(Do you just eat it?)
(I won't explain it any further.)
(He puts honey powder...)
(on his dry mouth.)
When you take it moderately, it's really good for you.
- Is it? - It says there's no fat.
Doesn't it say that it's good for your health?
Did someone say it's good for your health?
- Yes. - Is it a placebo effect?
Stop looking at it.
Just trust me and eat it.
Okay.
It's a spoonful.
(He takes one more spoonful...)
He took another spoonful.
(to get rid of the suspicion.)
Go ahead.
Should we take one spoonful each?
(They eat breakfast in the master's way.)
(He sums up all the moisture in his mouth...)
(to understand the meaning of this breakfast.)
(The more they eat it,)
(the sweeter their mouth gets.)
(The sweetness wakes them up.)
(It just tastes like sugar.)
Is it good for your health?
Is eating a spoonful...
First of all,
(Does it have great benefits?)
it's very tasty.
(He takes it because it's tasty.)
It's sweet. Right.
(Are you curious how sweet this honey is?)
I tastes a little bit like pumpkin malt candy.
If you only eat sweets and instant foods...
(He only eats what tastes good.)
Is that a one-minute breakfast?
- What? - Is that the one-minute breakfast?
- It is. - I see.
(The master's diet)
(He ate rice crust for yesterday's lunch and dinner.)
(And he ate honey powder for today's breakfast.)
(The "1-minute breakfast" in his time schedule)
(He finishes his breakfast.)
Wait.
You got up and started your day as if nothing happened.
You were supposed to get up at 4am.
- A lot of time has passed. - I can't help it.
(He can't help it.)
You can't help it, but you're so cool about it.
As if you always do this.
As if it's 4:30am right now.
I said I was getting sleepy around 6pm.
So do you accept the fact that you slept for 9 and a half hours?
I do.
I didn't know I'd sleep so well. Thank you.
I told you. I finally heard it from his mouth.
Thank you.
(Their morning is fun, thanks to the master who slept well.)
All right. I just got up.
- Okay. - Your day just began.
- Hey. - Your schedule has changed.
Whenever I wake up, I have to do this.
Oh...
I need to do this.
You have to do that whenever you wake up.
Yes.
(It's his morning routine.)
Whenever I wake up, I have to do this.
Oh...
I need to do this.
You have to do that whenever you wake up.
Yes.
You do this even if you wake up late.
- It's to sing well. - Right.
I do this to sing well.
I practice putting emphasis on different notes.
(He practices the beats.)
1, 2, 3, 4.
1, 2, 3, 4. I do this fast.
(He tries to do it fast.)
I can't do it.
(At first, they just laughed.)
1, 2, 3, 4.
(But as they concentrate on his hand,)
(they become serious.)
(Every morning, he practices rhythm dynamics...)
(with a beat machine.)
By the way, what is that good for?
It helps you when you sing.
- Does it give sense of beat? - Beat.
It hones your sense of rhythm.
He practices the beats first thing in the morning.
This is my system.
I use this system...
to write music. I write music after I do this.
Then my hearing becomes better.
When there's the beat...
I think I get what he means.
You're right.
(In this unexpected routine of his,)
(we feel his passed time.)
Try it.
(We realize the time he has dedicated to music.)
[VIU Ver] E03 Master in the House / All the Butlers
"Shall We Disobey the Master?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(He always begins his day by practicing the basic beats.)
(Within his eccentric look,)
(his passion for music is hidden.)
I do it for about half an hour. Then I choose a song...
and try to practice the beats.
I practice for 2 days up to a month.
After that, I can copy it precisely.
And I...
He practices every day at the same time...
and he constantly hones his skills every day at the same time.
All that made him come up with the lyrics...
and great melodies.
That was a big lesson for me.
(The master became who he is as a result of consistent practice.)
Where are you going?
I have to exercise now.
Are you going to exercise?
- Right now? - I am going to exercise.
Shouldn't you put on some clothes?
I am okay. This is enough.
(They come out without any jackets.)
It's really nice.
(They came out.)
I don't warm-up my voice.
Feet get cold in the
Feet get cold in the winter time
- That surprised me. - The sky won't snow,
and the sun won't shine
(Does he do this every morning?)
From the day
(But it's too cold.)
(Their hands are freezing.)
(He sniffs.)
I will go get changed.
(I will go get changed.)
He's going to get changed.
I said you should put on a jacket.
It's so funny.
Master.
I am ready now.
I am ready.
Usually...
Practicing the beats is very helpful in doing this.
(That's why he has to practice the beats every morning.)
You don't play every beat with the same energy.
(Just like playing a drum, you need to sing with dynamics.)
You play with dynamics.
When a non-singer hears it,
- you wouldn't know what he means. - I don't get it.
- Actually. - It's about the subtle things.
I really thought he just followed his emotions and soul. But...
I thought you were just following your emotions.
I thought you sang however you want to.
- Well... - Watch your mouth.
He looks like he's born with the talent.
He sings so effortlessly.
Ordinary people think like him.
Should we sing your song to warm up our voices?
You first? Or me?
If you sing a bar, we will try to do it.
Tell us what to do.
Only that is
My world
- His voice echoed in the mountains. - It's like he's singing over there.
- His voice echoed. - I know.
- Let's play rock-paper-scissors. - All right. Do it.
(Are you telling us to do that?)
Only that is
My world
(He puts the emphasis on the word "that".)
- He's good. - He's a singer.
Great. I love it.
You did so well.
Only that is
My world
(You have to shake your hand like this.)
He vibrated his voice in the end.
(He's memorizing it.)
When we practice with the master,
- It's... - it's different, isn't it?
We...
There's no limit.
You just do it without setting a limit.
I get it now.
Next is Sang Yun. He's the smart one.
He must be analyzing it.
He's done analyzing everything.
I have to shake my hand.
(First, he shakes his hand.)
(Second,)
(he musters up his courage.)
Only that is
My world
- He's good. - Great.
(He successfully sang it!)
- He's really good. - He's really good.
- He... - I got touched a little.
Why are you good at everything?
I told you he finished analyzing it.
He studied everything.
He did really well.
(The master is satisfied.)
At first, I just thought...
it would be like shouting loudly.
But I saw the master...
putting the emphasis on the word "that".
(He analyzed the dynamics.)
(He managed to copy the master.)
That's how I was able to do well.
(It's Se Hyeong's turn.)
(He always wanted...)
(to be the master's first pupil.)
(He even prepared a secret gift.)
(He tried so hard to win the master's love.)
(He is determined to win the master's approval.)
Only that is
(He takes a breath.)
My world
(He farts.)
- I think he farted. - I think he farted.
You farted, didn't you?
- You farted. - I heard it.
- I heard it. - It was like a drum sound.
- I didn't. I didn't fart. - You did.
- Then did the master fart? - Yes.
- Me? What did I do? - It's nothing.
- Did you fart when I was singing? - Everyone heard it.
- You farted. - I didn't fart.
- I didn't fart. - I didn't fart either.
He should've sang the line in one go.
(But he took a breath in the middle.)
- He did that. - No.
My world
(Everything points to Se Hyeong.)
- You farted, didn't you? - I think you did.
- You mean you did? - It wasn't me.
I didn't fart. I think you farted.
It was so loud.
- It was so loud. - You heard it, didn't you?
- You farted. - You heard it, didn't you?
(He ends up losing his place as the master's favorite pupil.)
- Let's go in. - Let's go inside.
Is this lesson done?
- I... I did. - You gained confidence.
I suddenly felt it.
It had strange energy.
- We have to wash now. - Yes.
We have to wash.
I heard you wash your face in one minute.
When I am in a hurry,
I just wash my face anywhere.
We usually do this, you know? You just wash your face anywhere.
Are you now...
(A master doesn't blame his tools.)
Are you washing your face now?
(The master doesn't mind where he washes his face.)
Don't you use soap?
You go to the bathroom throughout the day.
True.
I can wash my face then again.
Are you done?
It just needs to wake me up.
It took him 10 seconds.
10.3 seconds.
It took him 10.3 seconds.
I did really well.
You should wash your face too.
- We have to copy him. - This is also...
a little bit...
Just like his singing practice,
- that must have a meaning too. - Yes.
I think he does it to wake his senses.
I will start the timer when you turn on the water.
Although I am not sure why I have to do this.
But I will try it.
Wait.
(He copies the master's lifestyle.)
Give me the sign.
Ready.
(He's not sure what's good about it, but he goes for it.)
Start.
How many seconds did I spend?
- 5 seconds passed. - 5 seconds.
(He brushes his teeth with his right hand.)
(He washes his face with his left hand.)
How many seconds?
- 15 seconds. - 15 seconds.
Yes.
- It only took me 10 seconds. - Yes.
How many seconds?
(He washes his face and rinses his mouth at the same time.)
You have 10 seconds.
How many seconds?
- It's nearly a minute. - It's over.
That's it.
- That's it. - Perfect.
I finished it in a minute.
He can finish in a minute.
But since the master only took 10 seconds,
let's finish in 10 seconds.
(He suggests that they finish washing in 10 seconds.)
- Brushing the teeth too? - Yes.
- It's... - Thank goodness.
useless otherwise.
We have to brush our teeth too? You're joking, right?
He finished in 10 seconds, so we should finish in 10 seconds.
Start the timer when I begin.
(Se Hyeong will try washing his face in 10 seconds.)
Are you ready?
Stop the water when it turns 10 seconds.
I will set the timer.
Okay. Here we go.
Ready and go.
(10, 9, 8, 7,)
(6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1)
The end.
I am done.
What was that?
(I'm done.)
You're not done.
You still have toothpaste.
You have toothpaste on your teeth.
It feels very refreshing right now.
It really does.
The toothpaste on your teeth makes your teeth so white.
It feels so refreshing.
You can't swallow it.
It feels really refreshing.
You have toothpaste on your teeth.
No, it really is refreshing.
I can wipe this, right?
What?
But it really feels refreshing.
Since I hurried...
When I hurry,
I feel like a...
- diligent person. - A diligent person.
I feel like a busy person.
I finished it in 10 seconds.
You're next, Sang Yun.
He finished in 10 seconds, so we should finish in 10 seconds.
It's going to be tough with bamboo salt toothpaste.
You have to rinse it at least twice. It hurts otherwise.
Okay, come.
Here we go.
Wait.
(He's very serious.)
There are many moments when I don't know what to do.
(He's worried about how to be on a variety show.)
10 seconds.
- Wait. - 10 seconds.
(Why is this so nerve-racking?)
- Start. - I think he will succeed it.
(He brushes his teeth like crazy.)
10, 9, 8, 7, 6,
5, 4,
3, 2, 1.
Time's up.
(Everything was calculated.)
- Wait, hang on. - Did you swallow the water?
Show us your teeth.
(Did Sang Yun succeed too?)
- Open your mouth. - Oh, you're...
(We see a little bit of his bamboo salt toothpaste.)
There are still so many moments when I just don't know what to do.
Hey, there's a chunk of toothpaste left in his mouth.
Gosh, there's still so much toothpaste left.
- Sang Yun. - Why did I use the bamboo salt one?
- Rinse your mouth. - All right.
But you know what?
Just having some toothpaste in your mouth...
refreshes you.
- I'm serious. - It's because you ate it.
No, I didn't eat it.
It got stuck between your teeth.
It's... There must be a reason why he does it this way, right?
No. I really don't think there's no reason.
- Master. - I put my scarf on. What's up?
Is there a specific reason why you wash up...
this quickly in the morning?
(He asks the master why he does it.)
I feel like doing things quickly creates more time for me to use.
I'll be 80 in no time, you know.
I think you can spare five more minutes to wash up properly.
I'm thinking that...
he could've done everything if he only woke up 30 minutes early.
He could've done a lot more things.
(Is spending time on things other than music a luxury to him?)
(Thanks to the master who slept in,)
(they had to rush the whole morning.)
(Now, it's time to recharge.)
Can we take a little break now?
- You should eat breakfast. - We'll cook.
Master, you should take a break until we get breakfast ready.
Okay.
(They prepared a surprise gift...)
(for their master who lives on rice crust.)
Is this it?
I think it is.
Take care of this for me.
(A warm home-cooked meal)
(All of this was planned by one person.)
(House Cook Master Yang)
(He wanted to cook a meal for the master.)
(I'm sorry. I didn't really notice you until now.)
(Only look at me from now on.)
(All he needs is the master's love.)
(Head Chef, Yang Se Hyeong)
(He goes through the fridge and decides what to make.)
There's something else inside.
Honey powder is everywhere.
Honey powder is all over the place.
(Is it like rice crust?)
Shall I make stir-fried fishcakes?
(He can whip out recipes right away.)
Shall I make a rolled omelet?
There's radish. It makes refreshing broth.
Carrots and onions.
(Every dish starts with this.)
I need to fill this with water. Excuse me for a second.
I'll start the broth first because it takes the longest to make.
(He puts in ingredients for broth.)
It has ingredients like herring, shrimp, and anchovies.
We need to make rice too.
There's a lot to do.
I'll wash the rice cooker and pot first.
Yes. I'll appreciate that.
(Sang Yun comes in.)
Can I help you guys with anything?
Oh, if you want to help out, you can peel the radish.
Peel the radish for me.
And these onions... Do you know how to peel them?
- Yes. - Good. Just do those two things.
Okay.
Sit there and make yourself comfortable.
Sang Yun, you probably make western-style food most of the time.
- Me? - Yes.
I rarely cook.
(He doesn't do anything.)
Pasta suits you.
(This stylish guy looks like he'll only eat pasta.)
Don't worry about the soil on the radish.
I have to rinse it anyway.
(That stylish guy is peeling the radish.)
This peeler works really well.
(He analyzes the peeler.)
It works like this. I think it looks okay.
You're doing it so neatly.
- I'm trying. - I like how you're doing it.
(He even peels the parts that won't be eaten.)
Oh, carrot. Please peel the carrot too.
Carrot? One or both?
We just need one carrot.
Okay.
Sang Yun, you're really good. It looks so neat.
- I did my best. - Great job.
(Good job)
(I'm starting to get hungry.)
Can somebody bring me some honey powder?
- Pardon? Honey powder? - Yes.
(Again?)
I think you've already had 10 spoons of it today.
No, that's not true.
- Is that the small spoon? - Yes.
(Appetizer is served.)
- Eat it slowly. - All right.
(You never gain weight from things that you enjoy.)
Se Hyeong, what's the most important thing in cooking?
(Sang Yun asks Se Hyeong what's most important in cooking.)
- Timing. - Timing?
I look like I'm taking my time and doing things half-heartedly, right?
In fact, everything is calculated in my brain.
(Calculate the time)
The steps and the orders.
(I'm like Sang Yun when I cook.)
- Like ingredients and... - As you can see,
- I'm making rice and broth first. - Yes.
You should start with things that take a long time.
(It's all about timing.)
(Saved)
Se Hyeong, what can I do to entertain people?
(Sang Yun asks another question.)
You want to entertain people?
Like I told you before,
- you don't really do funny stunts. - Right.
You usually make people laugh with your witty remarks.
- Right, that's... - I envy that ability so much.
Sang Yun,
if you want to be like me in that regard...
(If you're dreaming of becoming the next Yang Se Hyeong,)
you need to get smacked a lot.
(you need to get smacked a lot.)
- I need to get smacked? - Yes. To become...
as tactful and quick-witted as I am now,
I got smacked so much while trying to pull pranks.
(It's a sure way to become funny.)
I got spanked a lot for being so mischievous.
The fact that you're so serious about this conversation is funny.
I find it so interesting.
- Do you? - Yes, it's very interesting.
Well, Sang Yun. I think...
you should work on your reactions first.
(Even your reactions are problematic.)
Or, should I teach you some newly coined words?
Yes, I'd love that.
- You want to learn new words? - It'd be great.
Do you know this one?
"Odin".
(What could it mean?)
It's probably not the Odin I'm thinking of.
What are you thinking? Odin.
(Let's see how quick-witted he is.)
The deity, Odin. It's not that, right?
Gosh, he's seriously not funny.
(He's not funny at all.)
I just thought of something weird.
- What? - It's not the right answer though.
An orangutan and...
(Singing)
Ding, ding, ding
(What is in that guy's head?)
- You're very imaginative. - I know, right?
You're very creative.
It's hilarious because it's so shocking.
(Oh, baby)
(What shall we eat today?)
(Singing)
Do you know how to make rice?
That I know. I've done it...
when I volunteered at a farm back in college.
You don't need this?
I know how much water should go in.
All right, okay. I'll leave it in your hands, then.
- After that... - You're so dependable.
(He seems very confident.)
This rice cooker is small.
(He tries to measure how much water will be needed.)
- Isn't that too much water? - It's a lot, right?
What do you think?
(Flustered)
How much water do you think it needs?
I have a rough idea.
Okay, this will be good.
I think this is good.
(Confidently,)
(he puts it on the burner.)
- What are you doing now? - Isn't this what we're doing?
- You want to boil it on that? - Is this not it? Oh, it's there.
Yes, it's over there.
Everything will be ready by the time the rice is cooked.
Okay.
(Sang Yun, let's please eat breakfast.)
(It looks like he'll finish the whole thing in no time.)
(For their hungry master,)
I really love soybean sprouts.
Even just that looks delicious.
(Se Hyeong prepared this special dish for the master.)
(He puts in the broth he made.)
- I see. The broth goes in... - Yes.
after you stir-fry them.
Oh, my. It looks delicious.
Then we just have to let it boil.
(For his master with a sensitive stomach,)
(it's soybean sprout soup with pollack.)
Then...
It looks so delicious.
(Salivating)
Seung Gi, it's ready now. We just need to set the table.
(Seung Gi is back after putting away everyone's sleeping bags.)
(He can't take his eyes off the thick rolled omelet.)
This is the most delicious aroma...
I've smelled since arriving at this house.
(It smells good.)
This looks so tasty.
- Everything is ready now. - Does it work?
Food is ready. Master can come out now.
Let's eat it just like this. Like what chefs do.
Okay.
That is
- Master, food is ready. - Okay, thanks.
(You guys made something better than rice crust?)
(I hope master likes the food.)
Oh, my. Look at the omelet.
I can't believe I get to eat things like this...
at home.
Did Se Hyeong work hard to make all the food?
- Yes, he did. - It shows.
I don't pull pranks with food.
Oh, my. This is...
My gosh, this is really...
- This is good. - "This is good."
Very good.
Master looks the happiest I've seen today.
(I'm happy!)
Thanks for the food.
- Thanks for the food. - Thanks for the food.
Sang Yun did a great job with the rice.
(It's the last meal with master.)
Sang Yun and the rice cooker.
- That's right. Just the water. - It was a collaboration.
- Thanks for the food. - Thanks for the food.
(Se Hyeong is very nervous.)
It's really good.
(Satisfied)
It's hard to season the soup perfectly.
(They haven't had a warm home-cooked meal in a long time.)
(They sit together and share this moment.)
You're such a good cook.
(They also share the warmth.)
Being able to cook this well is a sure way to win anyone's love.
No, it's nothing. They're easy dishes to make.
They're easy to make, but I do my very best.
What looks easy is always hard to do.
I never use any flavor enhancers.
(Easy things are hard to do.)
(This humble meal is like a feast to the master.)
Eating this warm meal is nice, isn't it?
- Yes. - Compared to eating rice crust.
- I'm realizing that now. - After tasting the food?
I didn't know that before I tasted this meal.
- It's so good. - I'm blushing.
(The compliments make me blush.)
(The rice I made is good too.)
This is different. You used doenjang, right?
The stir-fried fish cakes.
(Stir-fried fish cakes with doenjang is high in protein.)
(What's this familiar taste?)
- This is so good. - I can taste honey powder in it.
(You must've used honey powder.)
(My gosh, I'm impressed.)
(The secret weapon was...)
(honey powder indeed.)
- Shall I give it to him now? - No, I want to use it.
(He used honey powder instead of sugar.)
(It's more potent than any flavor enhancer.)
(The stir-fried fish cake dish was catered to the master's palate.)
I think it's so tasty because of doenjang.
Putting in doenjang was such a good idea.
(Yes, this tastes perfect.)
(It melts in my mouth.)
(The fish cakes taste like honey.)
- Hey, is there more of this? - Yes, we have more.
Se Hyeong, this. Master wants more.
Hey, we should just throw out his rice crust.
(Master is now addicted to the sweet and salty flavors.)
We shouldn't have made the rice crust.
(Why did we even make it yesterday?)
The combination of doenjang and honey powder is delicious.
For some reason, the second serving tastes even better.
(Exclaiming excitedly)
(We're excited too.)
By the way, this is really tasty.
Doenjang...
(Master said...)
(the worst thing that can happen...)
(when he performs...)
(is getting an upset stomach.)
(He said that's why he only eats rice crust.)
(He might actually get a stomachache because he's inhaling the food now.)
Don't you guys...
get nervous before you perform?
I do get nervous. Just like you, I can't really eat before I perform.
- Is that right? - I'm nervous the whole time.
- It must be nerve-racking. - Yes, I get very nervous.
Sometimes, I wonder if I should just...
pass out after singing two songs.
- Pardon? - I wonder if I should say...
that I can't do it anymore and just pass out.
You've never actually done it, right?
No, I haven't. But I almost did.
- Were you that nervous? - Of course.
Is there anything you're insecure about in terms of your singing?
- I'm curious. - My insecurities?
(Do they have any insecurities?)
- What about you? - In my case,
I became a singer almost seven years ago.
Since I debuted at a young age, my voice has changed a lot.
But...
(He has changed a lot.)
Will those who liked my voice seven years ago,
those who liked it a year ago,
and those who liked it two years ago...
like me as I am now and continue to stay as my fan in the future...
despite all the changes to come? That's my biggest concern now.
(Will they like the changes?)
You see, about that...
Everyone gets their turn, their time to shine.
Wanting to have everything will only tire you out.
(Wanting everything will only exhaust you.)
If you do your best at whatever it is that you're doing,
your turn will definitely come.
And when it comes, it'll happen in such a magical way.
- That is so true. - Just keep what you're doing...
because your magic will happen.
I'm so... I totally agree with it. It's really resonating with me.
(Follow your beliefs,)
(and your turn will definitely come.)
Master, I think your band members are here.
- Really? - Yes.
(The last chance to communicate with the master)
- Hello. - Hello.
Hello.
I'll get this out of the way. No, please don't worry.
(The master also heads to the practice room with his guitar.)
(After putting all the blankets away,)
(the practice room finally looks like how it always does.)
(In this space where In Kwon's songs were created,)
(they'll communicate with him on an emotional level for one last time.)
(Jeon In Kwon Band: Min Jae Hyun, Shin Yun Cheol, Shin Sung Min)
- Gosh, I'm excited for this. - Hello.
Hello, it's nice to meet you.
(The vibe has totally changed.)
- Hello. - It's too small, you know.
(They're familiar with this room, but it feels different.)
This room can transform like this.
- I know, right? - Of course.
We get to watch them practice.
(They're honored.)
- We're so honored. - Seriously.
- I'm flattered. - My seat is amazing.
How much would I have to pay if this seat was for sale?
- It's on the bed too. - Exactly, it's on the bed.
- It's a premium seat. - A super-premium seat.
I got a super-premium seat.
- Oh, my. I'm truly honored. - You know me, right?
(One person wanted to meet In Kwon more than others did.)
(Seong Jae picked him...)
(as the number one master he had wanted to meet.)
(He couldn't really express his excitement because he's shy,)
(but he was so excited to meet In Kwon in person,)
(and he's been waiting for this very moment.)
1, 2, 3, 4.
(The clumsy, goofy In Kwon is gone.)
(Music completely transforms the master.)
Oh, is this it?
He looks like a different person.
(Did I look cool?)
Master. If you don't mind,
- may I make a request? - Okay.
I'd love to hear you sing "After Love".
- It's my personal favorite. - Can we do it without the keyboard?
Even if it's just a snippet.
- Okay. - Just the first verse.
(Shall we begin?)
All right, let's do this.
Let's go.
(This 16m space...)
(is where he has spent his life in the last 63 years.)
(They quietly focus on the master's voice...)
(in the very space where his music was born.)
(The members gradually...)
(become immersed in his voice.)
(Why am I)
(Standing here?)
(Tonight)
(Countless stars)
(And memories)
(Appear before my eyes)
(And dance again)
This needs...
I can't sing it without the keyboard.
- No, that's not true at all. - It was still so good.
- Oh, my. - I'm so honored.
Gosh, I could hear...
- my own mistakes. - Gosh, not at all.
I've completely erased the sight of you eating rice crust.
- Really? - You were so cool.
- Later... - It was really incredible.
I kept playing this djembe for you. Did I do a good job?
It did get on my nerves a little, but it wasn't bad.
- I'll do my best. - You did an improvisation.
- That was so... - You know how I am.
His presence becomes even bigger when he sings.
- Right. - I've spent two days with him,
and his presence is even bigger now.
Thank you.
"Thank you."
(He's cute.)
Gosh, I want to keep requesting songs that I want to hear.
- There's a song I want to request. - Seriously.
I'd love to hear "Please".
(Sang Yun requests a song.)
- Can we do "Please" now? - "Please".
- Yes. - Let's give it shot, then.
Gosh, I get to hear this song.
(The question Sang Yun has been asking himself these days)
(His limits)
(I think that I've given my best,)
(but other people think differently.)
(Am I at my limits?)
(Or do people expect too much from me?)
- Okay. Let's try "Please". - All right.
(Sang Yun requested "Please".)
I'll give you guys a cue.
You guys know it roughly, right?
Three.
(Please stop)
(I'm not your puppet)
(You know it too)
(Think about it again)
(Look up)
(And look at my face again)
(I'm lonely)
(I can't be the perfect man)
(You want me to be)
(I'm just)
(A lonely person)
(Please)
(I'm suffocating)
(I don't want to be a puppet)
(Please, I'm thirsty)
(Open up your heart)
(And love me)
(Please stop)
(The bird inside the cage)
(Is beyond exhausted)
(You know it too)
(Think about it again)
(Look up)
(And look at my face again)
(I'm lonely)
(I can't be the perfect man)
(You want me to be)
(I'm just)
(A lonely person)
(Please)
(I'm suffocating)
(I don't want to be a puppet)
(Please)
(I'm thirsty)
(Open up your heart)
(And love me)
(Suddenly, the countless moments...)
(they said "please" to themselves cross their minds.)
(Please stop)
(I'm not your puppet)
(You know it too)
(Think about it again)
(Try walking on the street)
(Where we first met each other)
(I'm lonely)
(Please)
(Master In Kwon sang his song, "Please",)
(as if he's giving solace to the members.)
- That was incredible. - Master.
- Master. - Master.
- That was phenomenal. - All the Butlers.
Go, All the Butlers.
That was really... Gosh, I don't even know what to say.
Seong Jae, did you cry?
- Yes, I did. - He cried.
- Seriously? My gosh. - Yes.
Gosh, I'm grateful that it resonated with you.
I cried because I was so touched and honored.
As soon as he started singing,
I thought, "How many times did he have to sing it..."
- The way it made you feel. - "to sound like that?"
Every "please" he uttered was different.
It made me wonder how much effort he must've had to make...
to be able to sing like that, and that thought...
Yes, that is true.
I have made a lot of effort.
Most people would deny it just to sound modest,
but he proudly admitted that he has made a lot of effort.
It was very hard.
In the last two days that we've spent with the master,
we saw how he practices every day...
and how this song came into being.
I think that's why it was more touching.
It was... It was really like watching a film.
Sang Yun, why did you tear up suddenly?
- I didn't know it was this sad. - I just...
I felt as if he was saying those words to me.
(I felt as if he was talking to me.)
It's just that... I could really feel his sentiments.
He sang with his sincere feelings.
- For some reason, it was so... - Gosh, what is wrong with me?
(To everyone who's been feeling like they've reached their limit)
(It was Master In Kwon's message of consolation.)
(You don't have to be perfect.)
It was so... It's too hard to summarize it in one sentence.
It'll probably end up being at least 30 sentences.
(They think about what they learned from their time with the master.)
What is wrong with me?
No more!
I must be going crazy.
I really need to stop crying now.
If I were to describe my experience with In Kwon's life in two words,
I'd say that I was inspired and touched.
I really mean this.
(What Se Hyeong learned)
He taught me such a valuable lesson. I mean it most sincerely.
I can be eccentric.
That's what makes me real.
(I can be eccentric. That's what makes me real.)
Since getting into this profession at a young age,
many people have told me that I'm eccentric and quirky.
Those words did hurt my feelings from time to time.
I thought that people were trying to make fun of me.
But observing the master...
has taught me that I shouldn't care about what others think of me...
if I'm being my honest self,
and I think I can now forgive others for calling me eccentric or weird.
- I really mean it. - That's very inspiring.
I shouldn't doubt the path I'm on.
(That's Seong Jae's one sentence.)
He told us that everyone gets their turn eventually...
if they keep walking forward on their path.
- That really resonated with me. - Yes, totally.
I think it'll help me a lot in my future endeavors.
Master probably doesn't think that he unilaterally taught us...
what he has felt and learned in his life.
All he did was tell us about his experiences...
and things that he has felt from his point of view.
There's a part like this in the lyrics I wrote.
"My agony is solely mine."
"All of it exists for my new beginning."
- It goes like that. - "My agony is solely mine."
It means, "My agony is mine, so don't touch it."
"All of it exists for my new beginning."
That's how I've actually lived my life.
(My agony is mine, and it exists for my new beginning.)
I came up with a sentence that sums up everyone's experiences.
"The night with Master In Kwon was..."
"as heart-touching as the rice crust soup."
You guys know what I mean, right? That's how we touched we are.
- Isn't it a good way to put it? - Yes, it's great.
- I think it's very witty. - It sure is.
(Seung Gi wraps it up with his witty remark.)
Could we visit you again later on?
Of course, anytime.
You guys are welcome anytime. You can sleep beside me too.
- I mean it. - Okay.
If you can promise us that you won't sleep in...
Please promise us that you'll wake up on time.
(What kind of exciting encounter is awaiting them next week?)
Hurry up. Run.
(Running away is useless.)
(Master is everywhere.)
- Master, we love you. - Master, we love you.
(Do it properly, will you?)
(Even if they're going crazy...)
(or want to go home,)
(they have no choice.)
(The master trains them...)
(inside the mountains where there's no escape.)
(Are you crying again?)
(Who's the master...)
(that has the members under his thumb?)
Hurry up!
You come down here, Master!
I'm sorry!
(All the Butlers, The Intense Training)